(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I didn't know it was a trap she had set.
Woo Sung.
It's because you're incompetent...
you keep turning towards ways to cheat!
Are you dying to move up?
Do you have someone to avenge?
I'll find her myself. If she really ran away,
I'm going to succeed and make her come to me.
- This isn't you, is it? - The sex video case...
The prime suspect, Sang Gyoon Kim,
is her ex-boyfriend from two years ago.
He lied about deleting it and kept it! I'm positive.
There's a good chance he approached girls...
with the intention of filming sex videos.
I won't testify. I almost died.
I'm chasing a punk...
who posts videos of his girlfriend online.
You are a woman.
We'll get a warrant and put out an APB on him.
It'll take at least at a couple of days.
Then we have to let him go.
You're a punk who shoots videos secretly.
How dare you harass a prosecutor?
I'll take you in as soon as I find evidence.
Wait quietly within a five-mile radius.
(Episode 4)
Finally home.
What the...
I'm glad you're here.
Unit 803 was just rented.
The young man is very decisive.
Did he just leave? Was he wearing a black cap?
Yes, black cap. That's right.
What's the security code for 803?
Are you okay?
What's wrong with you?
Can you just barge in if you're the landlord?
Just now on the first floor...
Hold on.
Did you come in here when I wasn't around?
- What? - Aren't you...
the perverted one who set the camera...
in the bathroom?
Gosh.
So that man named Kim Sang Gyoon...
told you he just needed access to this unit?
Yes, that's right.
It's not like these perverts...
look like they're perverts.
How would I know?
Fine, let's say you didn't know.
Then when he was setting up the camera,
what were you doing?
I had a business call,
so I left the unit. That's when...
I have no excuses.
Here you go.
Let's check on the camera first.
Yes, sir.
Pardon?
The culprit just turned himself in.
- Do you admit to it? - Yes.
You sure are brave.
How can you go into a prosecutor's home?
I must have been crazy.
The prosecutor treated me like a criminal...
during the interrogation.
She was coercive.
My anger got to the best of me.
I should have just died.
Where is this jerk?
You...
Don't make a scene here.
You'll give him an extenuation.
He'll say that you performed violence on him.
If you want that, then go ahead.
I'm sorry, ma'am.
I'm really sorry.
Did you enjoy it?
How does it feel to see my body?
I'm sorry.
You.
I'll break you to pieces.
You have a nice back.
It was too good...
to watch by myself.
What?
How many years will you give me?
I'll see how far I'll go...
depending on what you do.
We've been investigating him...
as a suspect of a sex video case.
Today's crime will become an extension.
We'll investigate both cases together.
It's a realtime IP camera.
It's like a wireless CCTV.
Whatever it captures,
you can see the video in realtime.
Then this camera only took the clips...
The video should be in here.
Okay, let's look at it.
Shall we?
Let's see.
Wait.
We're going to watch it together?
Forget it. I'll check.
Ms. Ma.
I know how you feel, but...
How would you know?
Have you been a victim of a hidden camera?
Have you been shot in your underwear?
We still have to check. This is evidence.
He got me taking a shower.
Did you get the clips of Song Ga Young?
I'm working on it.
Hurry up and find that first.
We'll throw him in as soon as we get that.
What do I do?
(Prosecutor's office)
He committed a crime against a prosecutor?
Is he crazy?
We need to teach him a lesson.
Exactly. This is...
a terrorism against all female prosecutors.
I know how you all feel,
but we must keep our cool...
and investigate objectively.
If we get emotional,
we'd be no different from Kim Sang Gyoon.
Did you check the video?
How much did he get?
Ms. Ma took it so she can check.
I'm in a lot of shock.
I was trying to check, but I was too nervous.
Of course you're in shock.
Just hearing about it makes me tremble.
Ms. Min, I'll take over this case.
I know how to handle a lunatic like him.
I'll help.
Ms. Jang, Ms. Seo.
Thank you for worrying about me.
However, one must solve their own problems.
I created this mess,
so I should solve it.
If a victim interrogates the assailant,
that would be revenge, not an investigation.
You're mistaken. It's just that...
I'm the prosecutor of Song Ga Young's case.
I meant I'll do my best.
Fine.
Yeo, you can take Ma's case.
You were on Kim Sang Gyoon from the start.
Okay...
I won't take your case.
Do you think I don't know what you're up to?
You won't pass over the tablet.
You'll push me around since I'm your junior.
Don't be so stubborn.
You need to be flexible.
How?
It's proven that he broke in,
and we found the camera.
Most of all, he admitted to the crime.
It's enough to get him prosecuted.
Do you want him...
to be prosecuted just for those crimes?
What about the videos he recorded?
Is it okay to let that pass?
We have the camera, so...
It's not enough evidence to have a camera.
We need the video...
to prove that it was indeed a hidden camera.
It's still a no.
Fine, then. Me too.
You're being too harsh.
You're responsible for this case too.
- How so? - Think about what you did.
You've been pushing me to move out.
You told me I made you tired.
If you didn't pressure me as a landlord...
at this time of housing shortage,
I wouldn't have told a realtor about the unit.
I also wouldn't have...
been caught on camera...
and go through this humiliation.
I'm so embarrassed I can't even look up.
This doesn't suit you.
I know.
Can you see how desperate I am?
Fine.
I admit I'm partially responsible.
I'll give you one day to give me the video.
If you don't, I'll report for hiding evidence.
Fine.
- Please vote number one. - Thank you.
Please vote for candidate number one.
- Cho Gap Soo. - He's number one.
- Cho Gap Soo! - Hello.
- Hello, there. - Cho Gap Soo!
- Cho Gap Soo! - Number one, Cho Gap Soo.
Are you well, ma'am?
I'm number one.
- I'm number one. - Yes, yes.
Ma'am, vote number one.
- Cho Gap Soo! - Hello!
Candidate number one, Cho Gap Soo!
- Have you been well? - Yes.
Congratulations.
Gosh.
- He's number one! - Cho Gap Soo!
- Vote for Cho Gap Soo! - Number one.
I, Cho Gap Soo,
will make...
a unified Yeongpa City like this bibimbap.
It's such a bother every election.
Yes?
Hey.
I asked you to be careful...
until the end of elections.
I did it all for you.
Let's sell...
Hyungjae Hotel once I become the mayor.
The election is just around the corner.
You're neck in neck. Will you be okay?
Are you worried about me?
I'm more worried about you going bankrupt...
because of that building.
Enough nonsense. Send a lawyer over.
Give me someone smart.
If he wasn't family, I would have beat him.
I want to spearhead the Hyungjae Hotel.
You're really fast.
I was in charge of Hyungjae Group before.
I'll work without making any noise.
I'm confident I can get a great sales value.
Forget it.
I'm going to get someone who used to be a judge.
Do you mean a previous prosecutor?
How about that prosecutor...
that was against you during that trial?
She looked smart.
She's a punk who only takes rape cases.
How can you trust her with this?
You're the one that lost to that punk!
I don't need to see it all to know.
You're dismissed.
Sang Ho. Bring me that prosecutor.
Yes, sir.
What is it?
The sex video case.
I only get leftovers now?
I talked to the people in here,
and they told me I'm lucky to have you.
I heard you have a high winning rate.
It depends on the client.
Circulating sex videos and housebreaking.
You even uploaded the videos.
You need at least three lawyers...
who used to be a judge or a prosecutor.
There's no evidence that I uploaded them.
Also, that prosecutor...
won't be able to reveal the evidence.
If she reveals it,
I threatened her...
I'd spread it on the internet.
Is your goal to make the judge hate you...
and to get sentenced to prison?
I'll do well at trial.
It's my first offense.
I'll shed a few tears as if I regret it.
Then you should defend yourself.
Are you upset?
I usually wouldn't take such a case.
So?
You should be thankful you took her video.
Let me tell you this in advance.
If you want to get out with just a penalty,
you better tell me every single thing.
Everything?
(Seoul Central District Prosecutor's Office)
Ms. Son, did Ms. Ma come in yet?
I'm not sure. I think she's in.
Okay.
Gosh. I'll get...
Kim Sang Gyoon with Song Ga Young's video.
Wait until we find the original video.
You're so persistent.
(Koo Suk Chan)
Yes?
It's regarding Song Ga Young's video.
Did you really delete it?
Yes.
He put passwords on the videos he took.
It took a while to restore them.
What's this? What about the video?
The file was damaged too much.
I could only get the sound.
What a waste of time.
You said you could restore it.
Well...
I could only restore the sound for this video,
but there are many files with proper videos.
There's a flight attendant and a teacher.
There's also a model. It's very detailed.
He categorized them by occupation.
But what you need is Song Ga Young's file.
It didn't work out so well.
What do we do?
(Day of closed jury trial)
I cannot accept the prosecution's evidence.
First, the video is not a proper digital evidence.
It only has sound and no visuals.
Didn't you see the list below?
They're videos we restored from his computer.
The accused lives with a roommate.
Of course they would share the computer.
Those videos could belong to his roommate.
Second,
they did not go through a legitimate process.
What do you mean?
They arrest him without a warrant...
or any proper reason. They broke into his house...
and collected the evidence illegally.
The order changed, that's all.
We had no choice since he might...
destruct the evidence.
Prosecution.
Why do we need processes if you act on your own?
- Pardon? - You broke in...
without a warrant...
and collected evidence illegally.
You also hid this fact all this time.
All of these could become problems.
- Your Honor. - On top of that,
the video is of no force per defense's claim.
We'll exclude the video and end it here.
Is this all the evidence you have...
for Ms. Ma's hidden camera case?
Aren't you going to hand in the video?
Well...
There's a problem with it.
A problem?
No, Your Honor. It's being restored.
We'll have it ready for trial.
Didn't you see the missed calls?
Why didn't you pick up?
What will you do now?
Song Ga Young's video was excluded.
He might be released without charges.
You still want us to fight without your video?
- Ms. Ma! - What?
Let me ask you again. Where is the tablet?
I threw it out.
What?
I hammered it and threw it in the river!
Don't joke with me!
Do I look like I'd joke with you?
It's the truth! I really threw it out!
Let me go. Let go of me.
How dare you detain a prosecutor?
Hey, I'm a prosecutor!
Come on. You're being too harsh.
- Please... - I'm sorry!
We have no choice. We were told to do this.
(Ma Yi Deum, Yeo Jin Wook)
Don't be too rough since it belongs to Ms. Ma.
All we have to do is find the tablet.
[VIU Ver] E04 Witch's Court "From Prosecuter to Victim"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I don't think it's here.
The place is a mess.
It looks like she hasn't been here in a while.
It always looks like this.
True.
Who'd want to sleep where hidden cameras were?
I'd sleep elsewhere too.
- Ms. Son. - Yes?
The sleeping room has lockers, right?
Lockers?
I know Ma is out of control.
What were you doing?
What were you doing...
while Ma hid the evidence?
My apologies.
Forget that.
Prepare a written report...
and book Ma for hiding public property.
I'll submit the report,
but...
can't you let Ms. Ma go this one time?
- What? - To be honest,
I don't want to go easy on her.
But when we consider her a victim like the others,
I can sort of understand...
how she feels right now.
And I'm sure she didn't throw away the tablet.
She isn't...
thoughtless enough to destroy evidence.
Come out.
Are you hungry?
You really won't hand it over?
Give it to me before you regret it.
Seriously.
Are you threatening me?
Do you look down on me...
because I rent and was secretly filmed?
I don't look down on you, but it is a bit...
A bit what?
You said before that you'd never be filmed.
How does it feel, now that you're a victim?
Can you finally relate now?
I was wondering when you'd say that.
Are you happy...
seeing me suckered after our conversation?
I was at first, to be honest.
- What? - At least now,
you must realize now that no one becomes a victim...
because they want to be.
Just as you unwillingly became a victim,
Song Ga Young and Oh Min Jung...
did nothing wrong to become victims.
Without your video,
we may...
have to let Kim Sang Gyoon go.
Oh Min Jung mustered up courage to testify.
So you need to decide as well.
What?
Whether I'll resign as prosecutor...
or show the world my nude body?
No.
Whether you'll help us prosecute the perpetrator,
or keep running away as a victim.
(Ma Yi Deum)
No evidence?
(There are no files.)
What do you mean?
I have an app on the tablet...
that deletes the videos after a set time.
After a set time?
An hour after viewing the video.
I'm sure...
they never thought of that.
There's a low probability.
That prosecutor...
shouldn't be underestimated.
Then they would've submitted the evidence.
Ms. Ma Yi Deum.
Why is this here instead of the evidence...
of the hidden camera?
There's been a situation.
I'm positive the evidence is gone.
We can...
win this trial.
Case number 2017GO7631,
regarding the violation...
of sexual assault laws...
and case number 2017GO7642...
will be joined.
I lost everything...
because of that video.
But he, the assailant,
is doing just fine.
I felt like that was unfair.
Back then,
I avoided it for fear the video would spread,
but I was wrong.
If I had stopped it then,
there wouldn't have been...
more victims like me.
I know I'm late,
but I want him to be punished...
and make him feel at least a small portion...
of the pain that I...
and the other victims...
have suffered.
No more questions.
Two years ago, when you filmed...
the video with the defendant,
you wanted...
to film it as well, correct?
Your Honor.
I'll rephrase that.
You agreed to film it, correct?
Yes.
But he promised to delete it,
and the secretly...
Please answer "Yes," or "No."
You agreed, correct?
Yes.
How did you find out...
that the video was leaked?
A friend sent me the video.
So you did not see the defendant...
upload the video yourself,
is that it?
Must I see it to know?
If not him, who would've done it?
Then...
did the defendant...
threaten to circulate the video...
or demand money?
- No. - The defendant...
did not gain financially then.
But he enjoyed it.
Isn't that a gain?
You're making assumptions based on circumstances.
You have zero proof...
that he posted the video.
Just as we confirmed from the witness' statement,
how the video was leaked has not been proven.
Furthermore,
the defendant did not gain anything...
by the video being leaked.
Moreover, prosecution...
cannot produce the original video...
of Song Ga Young as evidence.
What could this mean?
It means the violations of the sexual assault law,
which prosecution asserts...
the defendant is guilty of,
do not apply to the defendant.
(Song Ga Young video trial)
(Joint trial of Ma Yi Deum Break-in)
(Trial in Session)
(Evidence)
What I'm holding...
are cameras that defendant...
Kim Sang Gyoon installed in the victim's home.
You entered her apartment with the intent...
of installing these cameras, correct?
Yes. I'm sorry.
Why did you do it?
Pardon?
What was your motive for installing the cameras?
Well...
"I'm sorry."
I'm sorry.
You said this during the police investigation.
You were angry at the prosecutor,
and resented her.
Do you remember that?
Yes.
There were other ways...
to protest unfair treatment.
Why did you choose illegal filming?
Pardon?
In other cases where people protested,
some threw acid,
and some assaulted the prosecutor.
However, the defendant...
installed hidden cameras. Why is that?
That's what I'm asking.
Well...
Were you planning to make...
the female prosecutor feel ashamed as you did...
to Song Ga Young and Oh Min Jung,
and enjoy watching her?
No more questions.
You admitted to installing...
hidden cameras in the victim's home.
Correct?
Yes.
Then...
were you planning...
to film a video as prosecution asserts?
I was not.
It's true that I was angry and installed the cameras,
but how could I think of filming a prosecutor?
I never even considered that.
I see.
Then do you regret your actions?
Yes.
If I could turn back time,
I'd like to.
Why did you do something that you regret so much?
It's true that I filmed videos of my girlfriends.
But when the videos were leaked,
I was also hurt.
But the prosecutor...
concluded that I was a sick pervert...
and treated me like a criminal.
That angered me so much, that I...
did something I should not have done.
I must've lost my mind.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
the defendant confessed to his crime...
as you can see,
and deeply repents what he did.
Seriously. I can't bear to listen any longer.
Pardon?
What did you just say?
Drop the act already.
It's confusing who's the victim and assailant.
Watch yourself.
Your Honor. Ms. Ma Yi Deum seems to have much to say.
I'd like to call her to the stand.
As the prosecutor on Song Ga Young's case,
you submitted the video into evidence. Correct?
- Yes. - But for some reason,
it was excluded from evidence. Why is that?
Because...
the attorney right here...
complained about something minor.
Something minor?
Is illegally obtaining evidence...
what you call "minor"?
Your Honor. This is irrelevant to the case.
Get to your point, counsel.
Yes, Your Honor.
This witness was a prosecutor who did...
anything in order to win her cases.
Why did such a witness not submit...
the most conclusive evidence for her trial,
the actual video?
Is there a special circumstance...
surrounding why you can't submit it?
A special circumstance?
Like there was no video, or...
the video is useless as evidence.
I have an app on the tablet...
that deletes the videos after a set time.
Prosecution.
Didn't you say you'd submit...
the video into evidence?
Yes.
But...
Maybe there really isn't a video.
- No way. - There's no video?
You're acting like a video exists...
when it does not, to corner the accused.
Please answer my question.
Your Honor.
We submit into evidence the video...
of the victim.
- Finally. I found it. - Give it back.
Do you think I will?
Look.
I had my reasons for hiding it.
- You call that an excuse? - Seriously.
Explain then.
Do you know what app Kim Sang Gyoon installed?
A video deletion app.
Like systems that delete files after some time.
The video's gone? Is that why you didn't submit it?
Beep beep.
I thought about Song Ga Young's case,
and he's a pro at eliminating evidence.
He wouldn't have saved my video nicely.
So I saved it after checking the video,
and the next day, it had been deleted.
- Why didn't you tell... - We should use it.
Let them think we don't have the evidence,
and then at the trial, I'll blow it up.
Like the Zodiac Killer with his mail bombs.
That's why.
Mail bombs were the Unabomber.
Regardless, I'm saying I had big things in mind.
Is there anything else you'd like to say?
I am a prosecutor.
I've prosecuted numerous cases,
and thought only about how to prove the crime,
and how to maximize the punishment.
At times,
I didn't consider...
the victim's pain.
Now that I'm here as a victim myself,
I think...
I can understand the pain for the first time.
I showed the video, which may follow me...
and humiliate me for the rest of my life,
as a penance...
to the victims who may have been hurt...
by the person...
I used to be and what I did in the past.
Thus Your Honor,
please severely punish that defendant...
who still doesn't repent.
Did you mean what you said?
- What? - That you did it...
as a means to apologize to victims you hurt.
Weren't you a psychiatrist?
I was.
Do people change?
- No. - Exactly.
What's with that gross smile?
Chairman Ahn is whining, demanding a lawyer.
Bring me that female prosecutor...
once her trial ends.
Hello?
I see. Okay.
The verdict's out?
Let's go in.
(Yeo Jin Wook)
Excuse me.
Please find out where this woman lives.
Defendant has committed the same crime repeatedly,
destroyed evidence and obstructed justice,
and...
considering this is his first offense,
the verdict is as follows.
Defendant...
is sentenced to three years in prison.
Great work, everyone.
Especially you, Ma. You did great.
Shouldn't we go out...
to celebrate on a day like this?
- Really? - Really?
I feel like drinking alone.
Maybe next time.
As expected. She's so consistent.
Then maybe we should...
I'm tired too.
Let's go home.
- Yes, ma'am. - Good night.
You two are in, right?
I'll find a good place.
Which do you prefer, soju or beer?
What's this?
Seriously.
I've lost my mind.
I can't do this.
Banks charge 12 percent,
but we charge as little as 3.7 percent interest.
Why don't you...
switch over and lock in the low interest rate?
Thank you.
Because you see,
I was very... Very lonely today.
Do you know how hard it was? I drank...
eight cans of beer.
But it's stuck here...
and won't go down.
There it goes.
Hello?
I didn't say you could sit.
You said you were lonely and had a tough day.
When did he...
Did you bug this place?
There's just so much drunkenness I can take.
Come on. Sit down.
I have patience for everything,
but not drunken stupidity.
I said to sit down.
I'll give you a good mental training today.
Want to sleep at my place tonight?
What?
Sleep with you?
Ms. Ma.
I'll say it once, so try to understand.
If you don't want to sleep where there were cameras,
you can crash at my place for the night.
There's no need to misunderstand.
Consider it...
the prosecutor providing damage support.
Yeo, you little punk.
You liked me.
Sure. I'll go now.
Sit down.
Just kidding.
Don't get so angry. It's humiliating.
Oh my gosh.
Awesome.
This place is so clean.
Wow. Look at the lighting. Gosh.
Nice. Metal.
A recliner. Nice.
You must come from a rich family.
I put on fresh sheets and pillowcases,
so sleep here tonight.
I'll sleep...
at your place and go to work from...
Gosh.
They're like...
newborns who can't control when and where...
they poop.
Was this...
Min Ji Sook's work?
I'll look into it.
Forget it.
What about that prosecutor?
I looked into her,
and Ma Yi Deum...
is Kwak Young Shil's daughter.
What?
Kwak Young Shil's daughter...
became a prosecutor, is that it?
How interesting.
That isn't all.
The male prosecutor in the department...
is the son...
of Ko Jae Sook.
Ko Jae Sook?
How the...
How can I sleep here?
I've lost my mind.
(Mom)
Darn it.
Here.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Son.
You're not home. Where are you?
Hi.
I...
I'm at a friend's place.
That's suspicious.
A girlfriend's place?
What do you mean?
I don't have a girlfriend.
What is it? I'm tired.
Brat.
I sent my housekeeper to your place earlier,
and she said she forgot to plug the fridge in.
But...
Why did she do that?
Mom.
Why were you sleeping so much?
You'll sleep all you want once you die.
It's been a while since you came.
Okay. Come here and taste this.
No, stay still.
This way, I can see you for longer.
What do you mean?
You came because it's my birthday.
Of course.
Who else would celebrate the birthday...
of someone so mean?
I thought of you a lot today.
Mom.
Eat up. I have to go to the market.
Mom. Stay a little longer.
I have to buy anchovies for the broth...
- and we're out of radish. - Mom.
Stay a little longer.
Are you sick,
my stupid girl?
Mom.
(Witch's Court)
I guess elections really are scary.
It's up to you to decide whether or not to accept.
He said there was a woman that he loved...
and that her mother was very against it.
I'll take this case.
- Why are you here? - Sir.
The adults did the wrong, but the kid pays for it.
If your family is a child molester, you must resign!
Your son won't find out, will he?
Nothing happened 14 years ago.
Please help me.